# QPG-NV-centers
NV center optimal control research. Colab with Quantum Photonics Group, MITRE and Sandia

This is a non-version tracked copy of the repo that contains the runtime setup.

The folder [QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine](/QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine) contains all the necessary
code to run optimizations similar to the work demonstrated. 

You can probably ignore test-symmetry and parallel as they are supposed to be branches 
experimenting on top of hyperfine and precursor code to hyperfine.

### Old simulations

Old simulation results, plots and logs are available at: [engaging-web.mit.edu/~tareq/QPG-NVOC/home.html](https://engaging-web.mit.edu/~tareq/QPG-NVOC/home.html)

### Main Code

[`main.py`](/QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine/main.py) contains the main code (tensorflow optimizer
and hamiltonian simulation).

[`post.py`](/QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine/post.py) contains the post processing code to generate
sim details files and a variety of plots.

### Usage Code

[`create_tasks.py`](/QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine/create_tasks.py) generates a tasks.txt
file that maps all the parameters to a runfile. Use this to specify systems you want to
optimize for, the optimization rates and parameters, pulse constraints, etc.

[`post_script.sh`](/QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine/post_script.sh) is a post processing script
that runs post.py. It has a ton of commented examples for almost all the simulations
available on [the website](https://engaging-web.mit.edu/~tareq/QPG-NVOC/home.html).

[`run.sh`](/QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine/run.sh) sets up batch slurm jobs to run on tasks inside
tasks.txt (generated by `create_tasks.py`]

[`csv_join/`](/QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine/csv_join) contains python files used to analyse multiple
simulation/optimization outputs and plot data across them.

[`paper_plots/`](/QPG-ChipDesign/hyperfine/paper_plots) contains python files used to generate plots
included in the paper beyond the basic plots.
